[RISCV] Allow `Zicsr`/`Zifencei` to duplicate with `g` (#136842)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  Qualcomm's `Xqciint` extension to save and restore some GPRs in interrupt
  service routines.

> - `Zicsr` / `Zifencei` are allowed to duplicate with `g` in `-march`.

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
- `Zicsr` / `Zifencei` are allowed to be duplicated in the presence of `g` in `-march`.
```
